First, we are contemplating an UPREIT structure in order to give withco and the SMB tenant participation in the upside of the property upon liquidation. We understand generally that the upside (e.g., profit interests) would need to be in an OP instead of the REIT. However, we want to keep the structure as simple as possible and so we don't necessarily need to build a 721 exchange feature into the documents right now. We also are trying to assess whether we can grant the SMB profit interests or whether we would need to give them a different type of security in the UPREIT, since profit interests are typically issued to management in exchange for services from our understanding. See below how we are thinking about the various classes of securities in the UPREIT.
Retail Investor Interests: REIT common interests representing a targeted [8]% distribution that accrue if unpaid;
Withco Interests: OP profit interests issued to withco representing 20% of the upside upon liquidation; and
SMB Interests: OP [profit interests] issued to SMB representing up to [80]% of the upside upon liquidation, subject to certain incremental vesting over the life of the SMB's [10] year lease, and with retail investors participating in the unvested portion of the upside if the SMB defaults on the lease.
Second, we want to build a liquidation feature into the waterfall upon an interim event such as a follow-on offering (which would be intended to capture appreciation in the property after a certain period of time). Therefore, we would likely want to build in a temporary acceleration feature for the SMB, so that they could participate in [80]% of the upside at the time of the interim liquidation period, even if they were not fully vested at that time. After the interim event, the vesting schedule would need to reset still to protect retail investors against default during the remaining portion of the lease.
